We introduce RoMo, a large-scale, richly organized dataset and semantic taxonomy for human motion generation.
RoMo is organized by a novel hierarchical taxonomy spanning 54 broad categories...
...and over 2,000 fine-grained subcategories.
We utilized L-L-M to synthesize over 58,000 diverse search queries to retrieve in-the-wild videos.
Starting with over fourteen years of raw footage
we applied a rigorous, taxonomy-aware filtering pipeline.
We distilled this massive input down to the top 1% of high-fidelity motion data.
We employ Qwen3-VL for temporal semantic segmentation, slicing video into atomic action spans.
We extract 3D motion sequences using the state-of-the-art G-V-H-M-R estimator
...converting video into accurate, world-grounded 3D human motion.
RoMo captures a vast range of behaviors, from fitness and gaming to sports and outdoor activities.
Each sequence is paired with rich text descriptions capturing the nuance of the action.
The final dataset features over 820,000 motion clips and 1,237 hours of data.
We invite you to explore more results in the HTML page and our open-source Motion Toolbox in the supplementary material.